Add the 2201.10.0 release note for bal run --watch and GraalVM compatibility (#9205)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.10.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

#### CLI

> ##### Auto restarting Ballerina Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced auto-restarting of services with `bal run` command as an experimental feature.
```bash
$ bal run --watch
```

Reviewer 2: Remove `bash` in line 67. It will render the command as a bash script which results in incorrect syntax highlighting.

Author: Changed with fa8276b5b552f3c8858aa2c7cb9f27e24fe25b48

> `bal run` command has a new flag `--watch` which automatically re-runs Ballerina service projects upon file changes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`bal run` command has a new `--watch` option, which automatically re-runs Ballerina service projects upon file changes.
```

Author: With https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9205#discussion_r1705251148, the line changed hence not applicable anymore.

#### CLI

> - Introduced auto-restarting of services with `bal run` command as an experimental feature.

Author: Fixed with bc407f8e38cb0b3e89eb883ed06995041779aaf8

### Improvements

> - Now, a Java dependency can be marked as GraalVM compatible in the Ballerina.toml as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to mark a Java dependency as GraalVM compatible in the `Ballerina.toml` as follows.
```

Author: Resolved with fa8276b5b552f3c8858aa2c7cb9f27e24fe25b48

> - Now, a Java dependency can be marked as GraalVM compatible in the Ballerina.toml as follows.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Now, a Java dependency can be marked as GraalVM compatible in the Ballerina.toml file as follows.
```

Author: Resolved with fa8276b5b552f3c8858aa2c7cb9f27e24fe25b48

``` toml
[[platform.java11.dependency]]
groupId = "<group-id>"
artifactId = "<artifact-id>"
version = "<version>"
graalvmCompatible = true
```

> 

Reviewer: * Introduced an experimental build option to enable memory-efficient compilation for large packages to prevent out-of-memory issues that can happen during the initial compilation which happens with a clean central cache. 

```bash
$ bal build --optimize-dependency-compilation
```

> 

Reviewer: * Introduced an experimental build option to enable memory-efficient compilation for large packages to prevent out-of-memory issues that can happen during the initial compilation which happens with a clean central cache. 

```bash
$ bal build --optimize-dependency-compilation
```

### Improvements

- Added support to mark a Java dependency as GraalVM compatible in the `Ballerina.toml` file as follows.

> ``` toml

Author: Fixed with bc407f8e38cb0b3e89eb883ed06995041779aaf8

[[platform.java11.dependency]]
groupId = "<group-id>"
artifactId = "<artifact-id>"
version = "<version>"
graalvmCompatible = true
```

> - Introduced an experimental build option to enable memory-efficient compilation for large packages to prevent out-of-memory issues that can happen during the initial compilation which happens with a clean central cache.

Author: Fixed with bc407f8e38cb0b3e89eb883ed06995041779aaf8
